LIAM: Oh. Okay. Are we in? Okay, we're three
minutes away, we're told, from playing Dungeons &
Dragons.
LAURA: Roll for jelly beans!
LIAM: Roll for jelly beans! We're using only these
tonight. Look at this! Sneak attack damage! Ooh,
strawberry and watermelon!
MARISHA: The buttered popcorn's like 1d12, all
right?
LAURA: The buttered popcorn, combine it with the
s'mores one, or the root beer, or the cream soda
one and it is delicious.
LIAM: You cannot have any.
LAURA: No I think, wait. Chocolate pudding,
buttered popcorn, and marshmallow you can make a
s'more and it's delicious.
LIAM: Whoop! Oh my god, you broke my phone!
LAURA: Stop it!
LIAM and TRAVIS: Sumbitch!
LAURA: That was a good one.
LIAM: Look at Sam. He's so serious about this
game. He's so serious. He's too in-character.
SAM: Guys, this is going to be a night to remember
once we begin.
TRAVIS: It's going to be like prom.
SAM: Whoa!
TRAVIS: It's made of gold!
LAURA: Oh, I like it!
LIAM: Here's mine. You've seen it before. It's the
one with daggers built into it and I can stick it
right into Laura's ribs if she makes me mad. She
hasn't made me that mad yet, but it's inevitable.
LAURA: I haven't sorted out my dice for tonight
yet, but I've got this gold one. In fact, I've got
two gold ones. They're so fancy. I've got this
little bitty one of amethyst.
LIAM: Oh, sneak attack!
LAURA: No!
LIAM: What about you? Do you have any dice?
ASHLEY: I really like this one. It's like a Celtic
situation. That was a present.
LIAM: That's some Hell Raiser shit right there.
ASHLEY: Yeah. I also really like this one. It's
real pretty. This is my very first d20 which I
want to burn.
LAURA: Inside of my bag that I sort through. This
is just one of the bags, just one of them.
LIAM: That's bag number 22.
LAURA: Here's my Hail of Thorns one.
LIAM: Look here. This one was given to me by
Matthew Colville. It's made from a meteorite. It's
iron that fell to the earth and it's made of
aliens. Look, there's the dungeon master over
there. He's thinking about killing us all.
MATT: Sorry, there was a really good Taliesin face
suddenly on-screen.
LIAM: Ooh, snap!
LAURA: I was aiming at Travis!
SAM: You nailed her!
MARISHA: You really did! I kind of half--
LAURA: I'm so sorry!
LIAM: You guys are all asking questions. Okay.
Here comes.
(cheering)
MARISHA: That was pretty good!
LIAM: Look. Check this out. Look at this asshole
over here. Oh, he's in Hawaii, sucker!
TALIESIN: (cackling)
MARISHA: And he's in a hotel room playing D&D so,
ha, joke's on him.
LIAM: Listen. We don't know what's going to
happen. We're contractually obligated to having a
possible TPK every other week. Get your Imodium
ready. Get your whiskey ready.
LAURA: I know! Anyway, which 2nd-level should I
take?
LIAM: You should take Fart Detection and Fart
Silencing.
LAURA: I think it's going to be Spike Growth
because I had that for a second and I liked it.
LIAM: What are you doing? What are we talking
about?
LAURA: Well, I leveled up and I realized when I
was going through my stats that I had all these
spells that I could've learned that I never
learned. I had a level one, a level two, and a
level three spell that I never learned! So now I
get to pick those and add them to my list.
LIAM: I think you should level up into barrette
for your bangs.
LAURA: Little arrow barrettes?
LIAM: That's a challenge!
LAURA: No, I love my little Trinket barrette!
LIAM: Ooh! All right. I'm sure it's going to be 30
more minutes before we start, but I'm going to
hang up in case it's in 30 seconds. Love you all and
we'll see you soon. We're all going to die. Bye!